hey PM dinner here over the past one
year we've been all using chat gbt and
the other AI apps to do our marketing
jobs I know you
[Laughter]
have so here are some my unique
takeaways from working with chat gbt and
other AI applications in the past one
year if you haven't used chat gbt you
should sign up and test it as pretty
much any marketing questions you will
get some sorts of answers is that
good so three takeaway to share with you
number one there's no best prom out
there don't search for it don't even
bother writing marketing related prompt
is very similar to briefing your
agencies or
contractors there's no best template for
briefing your agencies and contractor
you need to find the templates that work
for you you can tell AI or AI
bot when you ride the prompts with the
following things number one what do you
want to accomplish objective who is your
target audience what benefit your
audience will
receive how can you put everything in
the context that AI can
understand clearly outline what you
expect expectations is
important also what parameters or
guidelines for the task if if
applicable and lastly what is desire
outcomes that you
expect be clear specific and use action
oriented language that is it another
thing about writing a prom is
reiteration and that is key ask the same
questions in different ways to get the
best results you'll need to write
prompts in different ways to test lious
outcome so contrary to what some blogs
have suggested you don't even need to
write complete sentences when you ask
questions these Bots are pretty smart at
being able to figure things
out I told my clients not to look for
best prompts out there write how you
communicate we'll communicate a little
differently and write how you talk how
you write as a start okay number two
expertise is also
crucial have a clear point of view if
you are asking for recommendation and
suggestions chat gbt and other AI Bots
will give you different answers you'll
need to choose which one to use so if
you are asking for recommendation to
implement a marketing campaigns you may
be provided with a different stepbystep
guides so which one should you choose
which why should you
follow by the way are the suggestions
even correct for you and your
company we may not know until we
Implement
something therefore it's important to
have experience around what you are
collaborating with chat gbt to help you
shape your final marketing strategy or
work product number three take AI
recommendation with a grain of
salt um on the surface ai's writing or
suggestion could sound downright
impressive when you write a specific
question and you can't see it I just
like typing typing typing typing typing
typing typing and you were like oh my
God that's so good you need to take time
to internalize and think about it the
key is to think I often found initial
suggestion from chat gbt or AI B solid
but when I read them thoroughly then I
start making out of ation because I was
like no that doesn't fit no that's not
true well I was able to do that because
I have a point of view and a lot of time
have a confidence about who you are you
are better than AI in many ways for
example you know about your company's
politics you know about the
organizational structure of your company
know you know your budget you the
specific issues and challenges facing
your company you know AI doesn't know
that unless you give it full downloads
to AI even with that you still need to
make a
call next one AI may not actually save
you time working with Strat gbt or other
AI Bots can save time in many cases not
in all cases for example I ask AI to
write Slide by slide presentation by
sharing objectives of presentation
identifying the TP audience crafting the
high level outline specifying tone and
manner adding relevant links about that
topics providing context on how I would
use the presentation and also
articulating the clear outcomes that I
was looking for I gave AI as much
relevant information as I sold fit the
outcome of the slide recommendation was
kind of mediocre and a businesslike
after all AI is not me right and it
doesn't know exactly how I want to
organize my thoughts and to tell a story
so I went back to a join board and did
that manually after all maybe I haven't
mastered the AI prompts it's me not AI
but again it takes time to try various
prompt to get exactly the way you want
it right it's time consuming so how is
that different from working with
designers and content creator to re
iterate your creative concept or writing
and rewriting your content it's kind of
similar so there's no shortcut with AI
either just be aware that AI doesn't
necessarily save time it can but it's
not
guaranteed okay so a quick favor to ask
if you like the video please hit like
below it's very important to me and it
means a lot to me okay and subscribe to
my channel by the way what are your
biggest takeaways of working with Chad
gbt and the AI boot let me know comment
below take care
bye